One more thing today
I hope you will help me bear witness
I want to propose to the girl I love
Chen Xiangdao
What did you do behind my back?
Actually we are already married
But I owed him a marriage proposal.
I owe him the perfect wedding
So remember today's beautiful day
I officially proposed to him
Didn't you say there are many beautiful women?
What about beautiful women if I don't say so
How did I deceive you?
Wife, whether you like it or not
I have depended on you all my life
Is this what you said to support me for the rest of my life?
You must not default on your debt.
No problem, I have something to do today.
Su Ruoxue
Will you marry me?
Marry him?
Marry him marry him marry him marry him
Marry him! Marry him!
I would.
Oh oh
Oh.
Hug one, hug one, hug one, hug one.
Hug, hug, hug.
Hug one, hug one, hug one.
I'll be yours from now on
You dare to be responsible for me, you know
What's wrong with me?
Propose marriage? Is that what you ask for?
Isn't that what you asked for?
Chen Xiaodao
Chen Xiaodao Chen Xiaodao